your cat is real dumb!
your other cat is real dumb too!
your cat is a mangy, lowborn, creature with no redeeming qualities!
your cat is so ugly it barks!
your cat is so talentless,  it inspired the movie 'Cats'
your cat is poorly educated and lacking in the social graces.
your cat makes onions cry
I'm using this simple command to insult your cat, because its odor is so foul that it makes it difficult to type.
your cat has terrible fashion-sense
God created your cat in the last seconds of the Creation, it can't even learn to use cat tray
your cat works in marketing!
your cat plays old joseki!
your cat looks the same from either end!
your cat eats ketchup on steak!
your cat is a low-information voter!
your cat is a sandwich; Fight me!
your cat is a useless mod who needs to be destroyed!
your cat plays Dwarf Fortress using a tileset!
your cat makes for a dreadful Occultist. They never do anything good, and only cause bleeding!
your cat is as bad as my cat!
your cat is a filthy heart smuggler!
your cat ships Hermione and Dumbledore
your cat enjoys Star Wars novels
your cat is so dumb it prefers trout over salmon
your cat is such a scumbag, if it picked up someone's platinum coin it would keep it and not tell anyone!
your cat keeps eating its towels
your cat doesn't deserve a goodbye from Ghana
your cat dunks Oreos in Bovril
your cat oppresses the working class!
you're cat can't spell. Its always getting it's words mixed up
your cat's marble is rubbish too
your cat is an educated singularity idiot who can stupidly deny Nature's Harmonic 4 simultaneous 24 hour days within a single rotation of Earth, or even make parody of the Cubic Creation Principle - but its mental ability to comprehend the greatest social and scientific discovery of all human existence has been lobotomized by the evil academic singularity bastards hired to destroy its ability to think opposite!
your cat has such bad taste they would cheer for Gerard over Sabado!
your cat is so slow, even Sabado goes faster!

