How appropriate! You fight like a cow!
And I've got a little TIP for you, get the POINT?
I'm glad to hear you attended your family reunion!
Soon you'll be wearing my sword like a shish kebab!
First you better stop waving it about like a feather duster.
Even BEFORE they smell your breath?
Your hemorroids are flaring up again eh?
He must have taught you everything you know.
You run THAT fast?
Why? Did you want to borrow one?
Yes there are. You just never learned them.
You make me think somebody already did.
So you got that job as janitor, after all.
I hope now you've learned to stop picking your nose.
Too bad no one's ever heard of YOU at all.
I'd be in real trouble if you ever used them.
I wanted to make sure you'd feel comfortable with me.
I'm glad to hear you attended your family reunion.
I wanted to make sure you'd feel comfortable with me.
And I've got a little TIP for you. Get the POINT?
How appropriate, you fight like a cow!
I'd be in real trouble if you ever used them.
First, you'd better stop waving it like a feather-duster.
So you got that job as a janitor, after all.
Even BEFORE they smell your breath?
He must have taught you everything you know.
You make me think somebody already did.
You run THAT fast?
I hope now you've learned to stop picking your nose.
Why, did you want to borrow one?
Too bad no one's ever heard of YOU at all.
Your hemorrhoids are flaring up again, eh?
1. Even BEFORE they smell your breath? 2. I'm glad to hear you attended your family reunion.
Yes there are. You just never learned them.
With your breath, I'm sure they all suffocated.
I look THAT much like your fiancée?
Then killing you must be justifiable fungicide.
If you don't count all the ones you've dated.
When I'm done with you, you'll be a boneless filet.
With you around, I'd prefer to be fumigated.
Is that your face? I thought it was your backside.
At least mine can be identified.
I could, if you would use some breath spray.
You would have, but you were always running away.
Too bad they're all fabricated.
Then perhaps you should switch to decaffeinated.
Your odor alone makes me aggravated, agitated, and infuriated.
The only way you'll be preserved is in formaldehyde.
Then be a good dog. Sit! Stay!
