You fight like a Dairy Farmer!
This is the END for you, you gutter crawling cur!
I've spoken with apes more polite than you!
Soon you'll be wearing my sword like a shish kebab!
People fall at my feet when they see me coming!
I'm not going to take your insolence sitting down!
I once owned a dog that was smarter than you.
Nobody's ever drawn blood from me and nobody ever will.
Have you stopped wearing diapers yet?
There are no words for how disgusting you are.
You make me want to puke.
My handkerchief will wipe up your blood!
I got this scar on my face during a mighty struggle!
I've heard you are a contemptible sneak.
You're no match for my brains, you poor fool.
You have the manners of a beggar.
Now I know what filth and stupidity really are.
Every word you say to me is stupid.
I've got a long, sharp lesson for you to learn today.
I will milk every drop of blood from your body!
I've got the courage and skill of a master swordsman.
My tongue is sharper than any sword
My name is feared in every dirty corner of this island!
My wisest enemies run away at the first sight of me!
Only once have I met such a coward!
If your brother's like you, better to marry a pig.
No one will ever catch ME fighting as badly as you do.
My last fight ended with my hands covered with blood.
I hope you have a boat ready for a quick escape.
My sword is famous all over the Caribbean!
You are a pain in the backside, sir!
I usually see people like you passed-out on tavern floor.
There are no clever moves that can help you now.
Every enemy I've met I've annihilated!
You're as repulsive as a monkey in a negligee.
Killing you would be justifiable homicide!
You're the ugliest monster ever created!
I'll skewer you like a sow at a buffet!
Would you like to be buried, or cremated?
Coming face to face with me must leave you petrified!
When your father first saw you, he must have been mortified!
You can't match my witty repartee!
I have never seen such clumsy swordplay!
Throughout the Caribbean, my great deeds are celebrated!
I can't rest 'til you've been exterminated!
I'll leave you devasted, mutilated, and perforated!
Heaven preserve me! You look like something that's died!
I'll hound you night and day!
